\\Meeting 1 Minutes//
1/03/22 10pm

Attendees: All group members
The agenda of this meeting is to establish a general understanding of the assignment within the group, and then to delegate functions between members. 

Manjot- auth_login_v1 and auth_register_v1
Ashwin- channels_create_v1 and channels_list_v1
Iqtidar- channels_listall_v1 and channel_details_v1
Jerry- channel_join_v1 and channel_invite_v1
Sanjam- channel_messages_v1 and clear_v1

We expect everyone to have finished their testing files by 3/03/22
Our next meeting will be on 4/03/22

\\Meeting 2 Minutes//
4/03/22 10pm

Attendees: All group members

The agenda of this meeting was as a quick catch-up of everyone's progress. It allowed us to quickly check weather or not we were operating on the same assumptions, and gave group members to ask any questions about the code. We also used this time to coordinate merge requests and when we planned on sending them. Lastly, we discussed the creation of a new testing file, which would contain some common tests which group members could import into the function specific test files to streamline the code.

The goal we set for the next meeting was that we wanted all group members to have completed the implementation and testing for their files so that everyone has passing pipelines.
Our next meeting will be on 7/03/22

\\Meeting 3 Minutes//
5/03/22 10pm

Attendees: All group members

The purpose of this meeting was to ensure everyone's code was up to scratch and was working well with everyone else. We looked at each other's tests to make sure there were no edge cases being missed, and when we reached the final deliverable we ensured that the master branch met the outlined specification.

Our next meeting time will be to review the feedback received and to look over iteration 2

\\Meeting 4 Minutes//
12/03/22 10pm

Attendees: All group members

The purpose of this meeting was to have a collective reading of the iteration 2 specification. This ensured that all the members in the group had a general understanding of how we were going to approach this iteration. We also discussed http wrapping and who was going to wrap what functions. We settled for the easy option of making everyone wrap the function that they wrote in iteration 1. 

Our next meeting time will be in a weeks time on 19/03/33. The goals we hope to acheive by this time is for everyone to have finished their http wrappers and have them merged into master.

\\Meeting 5 Minutes//
19/03/22 10pm

Attendees: All group members

The purpose of this meeting was to have a review of the http wrappers and delegate the new iteration 2 functions. We first did some mild trouble shooting for some http wrappers, and then got to assigning new functions. When doing this, we tried to make sure that people would be doing functions that were similar in nature to their iteration 2 functions. We assigned them as:
Jerry: message_edit, message_remove, admin_user_remove, admin_user_permission_change
Manjot: auth_logout, channel_leave, channel_remove_owner, messages_send
Ashwin: dm_create, dm_list, dm_remove, dm_details
Iqtidar: dm_messages, dm_leave, message_senddm, users_all
Sanjam: user_profile, user_profile_setname, user_profile_setemail, user_profile_sethandle

Our next meeting time will be in a weeks time on 26/03/33. The goals we hope to achieve by this time is for everyone to have finished their new 
functions.

\\Meeting 6 Minutes//
26/03/22 10pm

Attendees: All group members

The purpose of this meeting was to have a review of the master branch and help eachother sort out any errors in the functions. Overall we were pretty happy and just made sure that if any of us hadnt finished their function yet they would finish by tomorrow.

Our next meeting time will be tomorrow, and hopefully everything will be merged and all functions completed by then.

\\Meeting 7 Minutes//
27/03/22 10pm

Attendees: All group members

The purpose of this meeting was to ensure all functions were outputing correctly and all the pipelines were passing, and we plan on submitting soon.

Our next meeting time will be next week, and will be to review any feedback and look over iteration 3 if it has been released

\\Meeting 8 Minutes//
3/04/22 10pm

Attendees: All group members

The purpose of this meeting was to go over the feedback from iteration 2. Most of the time the focus was on editing datastore to ensure that function style could be streamlined. On top of this, we also assigned functions to each person, although for now it is rudimentary:
Jerry: message_sendlater, message_sendlaterdm, message_share
Manjot: notifications, search, auth_passwordreset_requests, auth_passwordreset_reset
Ashwin: message_react, message_unreact, message_pin, message_unpin
Iqtidar: standup_start, standup_active, standup_send
Sanjam: user_profile_uploadphoto, user_stats, users_stats

Our next meeting time will be in a weeks time on 26/03/33. The goals we hope to achieve by this time is for everyone to have finished their new 
functions.


